Kagura...
What each of us saw growing up
is completely different.
[panting]
[grunts]
You can't see it...
You would never understand!
[grunting]
[grunts]
[gasp]
[grunt and yell]
[satisfied grunt]
[grunt]
[grunts]
[panting and grunt]
[grunt]
[grunts]
Ah! Omph!
Ahhh!
[worried grunt]
[grunts]
Give it all you've got, Kagura!
You haven't begun to tap the
Hiramekarei's power.
Put more chakra into it.
[hesitant breath]
Why're you doing what he wants
you to do, anyway?
Didn't you say you're the only
one who can decide how to live
your life, Kagura?
Kagura!
Yeah... and this is what I've
decided.
[gasp]
No matter how hard I tried to
reject it, no matter how hard I
resisted,
I could never escape
from the shadow!
But Mr. Shizuma...
(SHIZUMA) You're the way you
should be.
[breath]
One day, very soon we will usher
in a new age. And we will need
warriors just like you.
I'm here today only because...
he acknowledged me.
Oh, give me a break! What he's
doing is declaring war!
And nobody in their right mind
would ever do such a thing!
(KAGURA) Our village has been
warped and tossed around by
history...
It's been forced into...
unwanted situations.
We'll wage war for all those who
could not escape!
Oh, yeah?
Okay then, so why do you look
like you're suffering?
You don't really believe a word
of any of that, do you?
You're not fooling anyone, not
with that expression on your
face!
What happened to that guy who
played Shinobi Bout with us?
You looked like you were really
enjoying yourself then.
[gasp and whimpering breath]...
Don't talk to me like you know
me!
[grunt]
[grunts]
Three clones is his limit... So
this... is it!
[gasp and grunts]
I'll never lose to you, not the
way you are now.
And I am not afraid of a wimpy
sword like that!
[grunt] Shut up...!
Ahhh!
[grunt]
Stop it, you idiot!
[grunting]
Like I said... That wimpy sword
doesn't scare me a bit!
[whimpered breath]
[grunt]
[pained grunts]
(BORUTO) Kagura...
[gasp]
I don't know what nonsense this
lunatic has been feeding you...
...but all this talk of the
Hokage's son or... Yagura's
grandchild...
It has nothing to do with us!
We're our own selves!
[pained grunt]
(SHIZUMA) Kagura!
[gasp]
You are Yagura's grandson, and a
killer. This scar is proof of
that.
A destiny that's been written in
blood cannot be reversed!
Mr. Shizuma...
(BORUTO) He's wrong!
Huh?
You're not a killer, Kagura.
Old Man Mizukage wouldn't have
entrusted you with the
Hiramekarei if you were!
[breath]
You mean Chojuro? You really
don't know him, do you?
About all the things he's done
in secret...
To tip the odds in their favor,
he and his friends have had
everyone who gets in their
way secretly assassinated.
one after the other.
No way, Old Man Mizukage would
never do that!
Oh, trust me, it's the absolute
truth.
If somebody starts to become an
inconvenience,
they just quietly get rid of
them behind the scenes.
That's how these people operate,
you see.
But we don't do things that way.
We'll expose everything and hide
nothing. And we'll create a just
and true future.
[chuckle]
[grunt]
(MITSUKI) A "just and true
future" built on secret
agreements and assassinations?
Mitsuki!
Hey, Boruto.
Uh, what're you doing here?
I have some business with that
man there... Know what this is?
[groan]
Someone very sneaky gave this to
me. He picked it up in the Land
of Water.
It was ever so enlightening, I
must say.
[murmuring]
This is proof that you've been
in secret negotiations with the
Land of Waves.
[murmurs]
And just what was it that you
were planning on doing?
There's a lot more that you're
hiding, now isn't there?
[murmuring]
Yes, all who were supporting you
have confessed. They admitted
everything.
Like how you assassinated
anyone who happened to get in
your way.
W‐what did you say?
[gasp]
Anyone that got in your way, you
got rid of. Quietly so that no
one ever found out.
Does the describe how you've
been doing things?
So much for exposing everything
and creating a just future.
Well, not that I really care
either way.
Is it true, what he's saying?
Say something!
[chuckling]
I need to know...
Don't fret over something so
trivial. It's all part of
preparing for war.
No way...
You said we would make right all
the injustices in the village!
Who cares what the reasons are
behind it?
All that matters is
that this village returns to
being the Bloody Mist again.
[trembling breath]... Then you
were just going to... use me,
too?
Well... you're a special case.
Huh?
I never thought you'd actually
stick around. You see Kagura...
all I really wanted was to
experience the sword of
Yagura's grandson again.
[inhale] Oh, that sword of yours
hurt so much!
Just remembering it gives me the
shivers!
I see, that's what it was...
Huh?
So... everything was a lie... Is
that it?!
Now, now, why the sad face?
Don't worry, I'll use you until
the very end.
Unbelievable...
Tell me, why would you want war
so badly? I just can't
understand that.
[chuckle] Why? Because war is
fun! Why else?
Oh, come on, think about it.
Guys who were the best of
friends just yesterday...
all of a sudden turn on each
other and start killing! Isn't
that wonderful?
That's the kind of place the
Bloody Mist Village is! And it
will never change!
(BORUTO) Quit messing around!
[grunt]
War? Yeah, whatever.
All you wanna do is go on a
rampage.
Well, go do it on your own!
Don't drag others into it!
It's too late, I'm afraid.
War cannot be averted now! Look
around you! Bloody Mist that's
tinged red!
[grunt]
You're wrong, this is just a
little scuffle on a field trip!
I'm not gonna let you make it
any more than that!
Ha!
Wind Style: Wind Scythe!
[grunt]
[grunts]
[chuckle] Ahhh!
[grunt]
What have I done?
[grunts and laughter]
(MITSUKI) Wind Style:
Breakthrough. [blowing air]
Huh?!
[growl]
[gasp]
[grunt]
Hey, are you alright, Mitsuki?
Yeah.
My jutsu... doesn't work on that
sword.
I know... the jutsu's getting
absorbed by it. [grunt]
Exactly right. And the chakra
absorbed by my Samehada becomes
mine.
As long as I have this mist and
Samehada, I'm utterly
invincible.
So, while we're in this mist,
chakra will be absorbed from our
wounds?
[chuckle] What, that wasn't
enough chakra? My, my, you're
such a glutton!
Why you‐‐!
[grunts]
[grunt] Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Boruto...!
Out of my way! Hurry up and die!
[grunts]
A Water Clone?!
You do know what mist is made
of, don't you?
Water!
[grunt]
[struggling and gasp]
[growl and attack yell]
[blowing air]
Mitsuki!
I'm alright, Boruto.
You avoided a fatal hit with
your Wind Style...
[pained grunts and groans]
But... you also just gave me a
lot more chakra.
And now, it's your turn, my
friend!
No, wait. Kagura. This seems
like the perfect opportunity for
you.
[gasp]
Please... No more of this.
[sigh] The blood you inherited
from Yagura is wasted on you.
This is not
what Kagura wants.
It doesn't matter whether he
wants it or not. He cannot
escape from Yagura's shadow...
just like you can't escape from
being the son of the Hokage.
It's called destiny.
Yagura's grandson will kill
the son of the Hokage before the
memorial stone...
and light the fire of
revolution!
Then those who are watching from
within the shadows will rise!...
Isn't that great?!
Kagura was just a tool for
this purpose.
No way!
Kagura's not only my friend,
he's admired by the Mizukage and
he, loves to play Shinobi Bout!
[gasp]
(BORUTO) He's not your tool!
Kagura belongs to me!
And you can't do anything about
it, no matter how hard you try!
[sigh]
Don't even attempt to take
what's mine, because you're too
weak!
Alright... I admit you're
stronger.
Huh?
But still...
Besides, I wanna win in one big
sweep, anyway!
I think you're right...
Shinobi Bout!
Huh?!
Damn it!
Thanks so much.
That was really gutsy... the way
you blocked all those red cards.
Nicely done.
That's how I'll win.
Easily, like with the game.
I'm gonna beat you!
One big sweep, guys!
Yeah!
Come on then!
He knows his jutsu won't work,
so he's trying a diversion.
But as long as I have the
Samehada, I can sense his
chakra with absolute precision!
[grunt] Huh?
You're right, it really is a
glutton.
Huh?! Where is he?!
Wind Style: Gale Palm!
Oh, that trick again?!
No, not yet!
Now!
Huh?! He's fast!
[pained grunt]
[pained groan]
[growing yell]
[gasp]
We did it!
A clone uses Wind Style to
launch the original...
...then the original uses Wind
Style to increase the speed of
attack!
That's what you call the Boruto
Stream!
Hey, stop stealing my lines,
will ya?!... [grunt]
You always come up with such fun
stuff.
Hey, thanks a lot, Mitsuki.
Oh, I'm just glad I could help.
Huh?
You have got
to be kidding...
[pained breaths] Damn you all...
[breaths]
I'm gonna kill all of you!
[grunt]
Kagura??
Can't you see we've lost?
Please, this must stop!
Kagura... Don't disobey me!
You're nothing but a tool!
I am grateful for all that
you've done...
What?!
But please, just look at
Boruto!... He's driven you into
a corner...
He's called me his friend over
and over...
He made me think... He made me
believe that... [begins crying]
That even a weakling like me
can change!... Even you can..!
[grunt] Shut up! [grunt] You
dare to lecture me?!
Do you really think you've
won?... Oh no, this isn't over
yet!
[grunt]
I'm still more‐‐ Huh?
What is happening?...
Samehada... w‐what are you
doing?
Stop!... Wha‐‐?
Samehada... are you‐‐ are you
eating me?
[laughs] Ah! What is happening
to me? [screams]
What's going on?
It's out of control.
Lord Chojuro!
Forgive me. I was evacuating
everyone and got delayed.
Samehada is very fickle and
difficult to wield.
This wielder was inexperienced,
so the sword absorbed him.
[grunts and snorts]
[roar]
[grunts and snarls]
(CHOJURO) This is a problem.
At this rate, it won't be long
before that thing consumes all
of our chakra.
Give me the blade, Kagura... If
we release it, it can stop
Samehada.
Lord Chojuro... Please. Let me
handle this.
I can't change the past... but I
want to help create our future.
[gasp]
Very well.
(KAGURA) Right!
[chuckle]
[grunt and growing yell]
[grunts and roars]
[grunt and yell]
[grunts and dodges]
One more time!... [pained grunt]
[chuckle]
It can consume so much
chakra...!
[gasp]
Don't try to do everything by
yourself.
Lean on your friends a little.
[chuckle]
Hm.
[attack roar]
Let's do it!
Right!
[roars]
[grunt]
[growing yell]
[pained screams]
[burp]
Shizuma...
[heavy breathing]
It's over.
[pained groans and heavy
breathing]
Thank you, Boruto.
Ah, it was just your run of the
mill scuffle, that's all.
[chuckle]
(SARADA) Boruto!
Huh?
[heavy breathing]
(SARADA) Come on, we'll be late
for roll call!
[chuckle] What happened to
you?
Hey, I can't help it, okay? I
can't walk!
I'm truly honored!
Listen you, just shut up!
[embarrassed groan]
Boruto, c'mon, we don't have any
time!
Aw, man, at least gimme a minute
to catch my breath, will ya?
(SARADA) What?! Didn't you hear
what we just said? There's no
time!
(IWABE) You're hopeless. Climb
on... [grunt]
[chuckle]
We're going back now.
Boruto...
Hm?... Ahhh‐‐!
Hurry up!
(IWABE) Why are you the one
giving orders?
(HACHIYA) [scared chuckle]
(SARADA) Skip it! Less talking
and more running!
(HACHIYA) Yes, Miss Sarada!
(BORUTO) Hey, take it easy, I'm
hurtin' all over!
(SARADA) Run! Run!
(BORUTO) Not so fast‐‐!
Shut up, you!
(BORUTO) Ow! Slow down...!
So it's that easy to change
colors, huh?
Might be something only you can
do so effortlessly...
(BORUTO) ...And this guy Kagura
got totally hooked on Shinobi
Bout.
I mean, like addicted to
it! It was ridiculous![chuckle]
What is it, Hima? Something on
your mind?
(HIMA) It's nothing...
(BORUTO) Did something happen,
Mom? Himawari's been acting
weird since I got back.
(HINATA) Don't you remember? You
promised to bring back a
souvenir for Himawari.
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: The
Quest for Souvenirs.
Oh no! I totally forgot!